I love that you're my imaginary friend and all, but sometimes I'd 
like to know the real you. I mean, I know the "real" you, but I'd 
like you to be real. Tangible. I was thinking about this the other 
day. It finally occurred to me what your being "imaginary" entails. 
For one, it means that I've essentially fallen for somebody who 
doesn't exist. And that's never good. But it also means that in my 
mind, you're pretty much perfect. Which is also very bad not good. 
Because now I've created this image of you. This ideal version of 
you that the real you may or may not live up to. Who knows if you're 
really as amazing as I imagine you to be. But if I knew the "real" 
tangible you, then it could shatter my idealization. Or it could 
confirm it. I don't really know because it's impossible to know 
the real you without knowing the real you (well, obviously, but 
hopefully you understand what I'm trying to say). But I want to know 
the real you. And that should count for something. I don't want you 
being this perfect idealization that doesn't exist in real life. 
Because it's not real. I want you to be real. I want you to be 
tangible. I want to know that what I think about you and how I feel 
about you is based in reality and not on some mythical version of 
you that I've created, and if that means I have to shatter my ideal 
of you, then so be it. Because as much as I love you being my 
imaginary friend, I'd really love it if you could be something real 
and something more. So the question is, how do I get to know the 
real you? How do I pick through this image of you and figure out 
what's real and what's imaginary. You can't be as amazing as I've 
imagined you to be. Unless you really are.